In the last lecture, we registered our controls and we made our form submittable,
so that is what we did then,
we can still use that form,
now I want to add validation.
For example, the name should be required,
this must not be empty
and the same for our number.
Now it should be a number and due to the fact that this input is of type number, it should already be
hard to enter anything else.
So with this, we now added some validation,
now to take advantage of this, I want to disable the add button if the form is invalid.
So I'll bind to disabled here and disable it if form is not valid,
if this is true.
So if this check here is true and this will be true if the form is not valid.
So let's save this
and this looks good,
I can't click the add button.
Now let's try again,
let's insert something into amount and
this works, of course a negative amount works too though.
So an easy way of making sure that we may only enter numbers greater than zero is to use another built-in
validator,
the pattern validator, this will check the user input against a regular expression.
Now the regular expression achieving what we are looking for would be the following one which needs
to be pasted between single quotation marks,
so as a string, it's this one. Since it's a string, we can also omit the single quotation marks and omit
the square brackets to use this shortcut of using property binding when binding to a string where we
don't have to use the square brackets.
So what this will basically do, this regular expression, it will allow any number greater than zero.
So we can see this in action if we now save this and go back to the application,
if I add bread and one, this is valid, -1 doesn't work, -10 doesn't work, -01 doesn't
work, +01 does work, 10 does work and 0 does not work,
so it does exactly what I want it to do.
So now we added validation to this input field,
now let's make sure that once we click one of the existing items, we actually load that items so that
we can edit it.